---

![image](/Project Report/images/title2.png) 

<p align="center"> <b>Filthy Cell-Culture Dish User Manuel</b> </p>
  
  <p align="center">(c) YYL Team</p>
  
  <p align="center">Based on Version 1.0.0</p>

---
**Project Team**

-   Boyuan Yuan

    Developer \
    Storyteller \
    Graphic Designer \
    Artwork

-   Chunchuan Lv

    Developer \
    Tester \
    Graphic \
    Debugger

-   Yue Yu

    Developer \
    Documentation \
    Graphic Designer \
    Artwork

---
**Recommended Requirements**

**CPU:** 2.0GHz i3 Dual Core or equivalent

**RAM:** 1 GB

**OS:** Windows 7 or later, Mac OS X 10.8+, GNU/Linux kernel 2.6.18 or
later

**Video Card:** Yes

**Sound Card:** Yes

**Free Disk Space:** 500 MB

---

Introduction to The Game
========================

This game is a strategy game. Each player creates and evolves a kind of
bacteria in an effort to populate the span of a culture dish in a
biological laboratory. The game uses a population model with a complex
and realistic set of variables and rules to simulate the evolution and
competition of the bacteria. Player will be in charge with macro manage:
the evolutionary path of his/her species and micro manage: exploration
of the small world. The purpose of the game is to take the species into
prosperity.

Game Terms
==========

Cell
----


The world in the game is represented by consecutive cells. Individual
cell has properties of current population of species and its’
environmental limit. There will be additional statistics available for
player for decision making.

Turn
----

Players take turns when playing. During each turn, a player can choose a
cell to explore, select a trait to upgrade (if available) and check the
status of the current game session. For demonstration, all the players
will play on the same host.

Explore
-------

During every turn, each player can choose a cell to explore by clicking
that cell and a population advantage for that player’s specie will be
added to the cell. Players will be challenged to make decisions under an
environment of uncertainty. The exploration element allows player treat
the game like GO.

Traits
------

New traits will be obtained as game progress. At the end of each turn,
if enough mutation is culminated, current selected trait will be
advanced into next stage. The required mutation will be determined by
whether this level of trait is obtained by other species (if it does,
there is a discount) and current level of the trait.

The traits in this game is consisted of five main categories: Growth
Trait, Explore Trait, Attack Trait, Defense Trait and Ultimate Trait.

-   Growth Trait

    -   Expanding pace of species’ population in a cell

-   Exploring Trait

    -   Population advantage of exploration act

    -   Threshold for expanding to neighbor cells

-   Attacking Trait

    -   Positive factor for your specie during the battle among species

-   Defensive Trait

    -   Negative factor for other species during the battle among
        species

-   Ultimate Trait

    -   The very only approach to win the game with a special trait.
        This trait will enable the specie to fly out of the culture dish
        and earn victory

Download the Game
=================

To download our game please visit

<http://iyuyue.net/go/fccd>

Start the Game
==============

This game is build by Unity and no installation procedure is needed
before running the game. Just unzip the downloaded game package and
double click the main program, the game will run.

Screen Resolution Choice
------------------------

1024 * 640 and other 16:9 screens with higher resolution are
suggested.

Main Menu
---------

The first scene will be shown is the main menu of the game. In this
menu, players can start the game, review credits and turn on or off the
sound effect.

![Main menu of the game](/Project Report/images/start1.png)

Difficulty Level
----------------

The following scene will allow the user to choose a difficulty level for
the game. In this demo version, the difficulty of all three levels will
be the same.

![Main menu of the game](/Project Report/images/start2.png)

Game Options
------------

The next menu will allow players to configure several essential game
settings in the way they like, such as the number of players, the
maximum turns allowed, the width of the map and the height of the map.
It should be noticed that, the last three parameters should be equal or
larger than 10.

![Main menu of the game](/Project Report/images/start3.png)

Press \[Enter\], after finishing the configuration, to start the game.

Exit the Game
=============

During the game session, players can press \[esc\] at any time to exit
the game. All the user data of current session will be lost.

Victory Conditions
==================

There are three conditions for victory. They are domination victory,
time victory, and evolution victory.

-   Domination Victory A species has over 50% of maximum population

-   Time Victory Species with most population wins if game does not end
    within specified maximum turns

-   Evolution Victory A trait of moving out of cells is developed to
    ultimate level.
